Do you think AI will help or hinder
social inequality? Yeah, I think it'll
make it much much worse. I think it'll
make it much much worse.
>> Why is that?
>> Because the people who own the machines
are going to use the machines to replace
people and then and then, you know, then
you won't have job. You know, loads of
people are probably going to lose their
jobs. It's just going to drive wages
down. Um, but it's super interesting,
right? Because you have this with a lot
of technologies. It does improve
productivity, economic productivity, but
it does it in such a way that it only
benefits the owners of the machines and
it hurts the workers. But, you know, if
if we owned if we if we each had the I'm
going to get called a communist again.
If we had ownership of these resources,
ordinary people, then we could use them
to our benefit. But the truth is, the
people who own these things are going to
use these things to drive your wages
down to take your job. And that's going
to be worse. It's going to be bad for
inequality. Honestly, I think there's a
horrible horrible laziness sometimes
from these tech bros. They're like, "Oh,
tech's going to make the world a better
place." as if all of those generations
of poverty, desperate poverty and
fighting and fighting for a better share
didn't happen. You know, you don't fight
for your share, you won't get your
share. Go look at what life is like in
Nigeria and Brazil and India for new
people. Yeah, that will happen here if
we don't fight. Um yeah, it's not just
technology won't fix It's not Star Trek.